A state of agreement or peaceful cooperation.
To find an answer or solution to a problem.
To direct all your attention to one particular activity or subject.
Showing courage and determination.
To give someone the desire, confidence, or enthusiasm to do something well.
To make or produce something new.
A feeling of great pleasure and happiness.
A game, situation, or problem that tests skill or knowledge.
To try to do something, especially something difficult.
An advantage or profit gained from something.
The importance or worth of something.
To join or be joined with something else.
To give help or encouragement to someone.
To make or draw plans for the look or working of something.
The state of being free or at liberty rather than in confinement.
Fair treatment and behavior.
The reason why something is done or exists.
A feeling of deep admiration for someone or something.
The non-physical part of a person which is the seat of emotions and character.
The process of developing or improving over time.
A person whom you know well and who you like a lot.
A statement made in reply to a question.
An opinion that someone gives you about the best thing to do.
A time or situation that makes it possible to do something.
An act of choosing between two or more possibilities.
A feeling of being physically relaxed and satisfied.
A series of thoughts, images, or emotions occurring while you sleep or hope.
Physical or mental strength and vitality.
Physical or mental effort put into a task.
Someone who hates you or wants to harm you.
An important happening or occurrence.
The time yet to come.
Something you want to achieve or do successfully.
A thing that you often do, especially without thinking about it.
A man, woman, or child; a member of the species Homo sapiens.
A powerful effect that something has on someone.
The feeling of wanting to give your attention to something.
A trip, especially over a long distance or to a new place.
The state of being aware of facts and information.
A single period of instruction in a subject.
Something from the past that you remember.
The reason or reasons for acting or behaving in a particular way.
Everything around us that is not made by humans.
Your thoughts or feelings about something.
The beginning or cause of something.
A strong feeling of enthusiasm or excitement for something.
A situation in which there is no war or fighting.
A detailed proposal for doing or achieving something.
The ability to act or do something effectively.
The process of improving or developing something.
How good or bad something is.
A cause, explanation, or justification.
Something that happens as a consequence of an action.
A situation involving exposure to danger or harm.
The function or position that someone has in a situation.
A set of explicit or understood regulations or principles.
The study of the structure and behavior of the physical and natural world.
Something that is kept or meant to be kept unknown.
The ability to perceive feelings or sensations.
An ability to do something well.
A way of solving a problem or dealing with a difficult situation.
The quality or state of being physically strong.
The achievement of something desired or planned.
An unexpected or astonishing event, fact, or thing.
A natural ability to do something well.
A piece of work to be done or undertaken.
A group of people working together.
An idea or opinion produced by thinking.
The real facts about a situation, event, or person.
A particular way of considering or looking at something.
The sound produced in a person’s larynx and uttered through the mouth.
A course or direction of travel.
A lack of strength or a quality that is not fully developed.
A hope or desire for something.
A feeling of amazement and admiration.
An exciting and sometimes dangerous experience.
A difficult situation that tests someone’s ability.
The act or process of making something different.
The process of expressing ideas or feelings to someone else.
The result or effect of an action or condition.
A conclusion or resolution reached after consideration.
The path or direction along which something moves or points.
The act of finding out or learning something for the first time.
The process of teaching or learning.
A strong feeling such as love, fear, or anger.
The surroundings or conditions in which a person, animal, or plant lives.
Knowledge or skill gained by doing something.
A lack of success in achieving something.
A particular feeling or mood.
All the people who are living at the same time.
The ability of the mind to be creative or resourceful.
Facts or details about something or someone.
A situation in which it is possible for you to do something.
A group of people who work together for a particular purpose.
A chance that something may happen or be true.
The act of getting ready for something.
The way in which two or more people or things are connected.
Something that is officially demanded.
A supply of something that can be used.
A duty to deal with or take care of someone or something.
A plan of action designed to achieve a long-term aim.
The way in which the parts of something are connected together.
A result that you try to achieve.
A custom or belief that has existed for a long time.
The ability to understand something.
A set of beliefs or an attitude that someone uses to judge things.